#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
--index-url https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/pypi/simple

annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.5.2
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
astor==0.8.1
    # via paddlepaddle
beautifulsoup4==4.13.5
    # via paddleocr
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via uvicorn
contourpy==1.1.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
cython==3.1.4
    # via paddleocr
decorator==5.2.1
    # via paddlepaddle
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via anyio
fastapi==0.101.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fire==0.7.1
    # via paddleocr
fonttools==4.57.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   paddleocr
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via paddlepaddle
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
imageio==2.35.1
    # via
    #   imgaug
    #   scikit-image
imgaug==0.4.0
    # via paddleocr
importlib-resources==6.4.5
    # via matplotlib
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via scikit-image
lmdb==1.7.3
    # via paddleocr
lxml==6.0.1
    # via python-docx
matplotlib==3.7.5
    # via imgaug
networkx==3.1
    # via
    #   paddlepaddle
    #   scikit-image
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   imageio
    #   imgaug
    #   matplotlib
    #   opencv-contrib-python
    #   opencv-python
    #   opt-einsum
    #   paddleocr
    #   paddlepaddle
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-image
    #   scipy
    #   shapely
    #   tifffile
opencv-contrib-python==4.12.0.88
    # via paddleocr
opencv-python==4.12.0.88
    # via
    #   imgaug
    #   paddleocr
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via paddlepaddle
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   lazy-loader
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
paddleocr==2.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
paddlepaddle==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   imgaug
    #   matplotlib
    #   paddleocr
    #   paddlepaddle
    #   scikit-image
protobuf==5.29.5
    # via paddlepaddle
pyclipper==1.3.0.post6
    # via paddleocr
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via fastapi
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via matplotlib
python-docx==1.1.2
    # via paddleocr
python-multipart==0.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pywavelets==1.4.1
    # via scikit-image
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via paddleocr
rapidfuzz==3.9.7
    # via paddleocr
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   paddleocr
scikit-image==0.21.0
    # via
    #   imgaug
    #   paddleocr
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   imgaug
    #   scikit-image
shapely==2.0.7
    # via
    #   imgaug
    #   paddleocr
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   imgaug
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
starlette==0.27.0
    # via fastapi
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via fire
tifffile==2023.7.10
    # via scikit-image
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via paddleocr
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   annotated-types
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   fastapi
    #   paddlepaddle
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   python-docx
    #   starlette
    #   uvicorn
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.23.2
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.20.2
    # via importlib-resources
